
Terminology

Profile (Person):
Describes the unique person that uses the app MyinT. 
It contains personal info like name, surname, address etc. 
Every real-life person should have 1 Person-object in the MyinT-app and it is linked to the personal 
MyinT-object (one) of this person.

MyinT:
The MyinT-object is a representation of the one mind every person has. 
(chatGPT: A person has one mind, which refers to the individual's consciousness, 
thought processes, and cognitive abilities. However, different aspects of the mind can be identified, such as the 
conscious and unconscious mind, the rational and emotional mind, or the left and right brain hemispheres. 
These distinctions are based on different ways of conceptualizing the mind and its functions, but ultimately they all 
refer to the same indivisible and complex system that generates thoughts, feelings, and behaviors.)



User: 
The object that contains the information a user needs to use the app MyinT: username, password, tokens etc. 
The Profile-object can have multiple users. We do this because a Person can have different minds for different circumstances 
(for example a workrelated mind, a personal mind, a hobby related mind, etc. )

We chose this solution because people will change jobs etc. and might want to get an account from their employer but still 
be able to use the same profile (and have everything in their central myint-object)

A user gives the Person-object certain roles in the app MyinT, but the Profile-object can have multiple users
Usage of the app is logged to this object.

So a User-object is basically one of the ways for a Person to get access to MyinT. Usage of the app is logged to this object.

MyinTSet:
A Person can define subsets of their MyinT in a MyinTSet-object. This MyinTSet can be used to give other Users access 
to only a part of their MyinT.

Organisation:
An Organisation-object is basically a group of Users that share a same location or name (like an physical organization) 
with every Organisation-object containing a ParticipantsGroup-object (Users with different roles in a Group).
This way a Profile-object can be linked to different Organisations through different User-objects. Only through that 
linked User the Person will be able to 'enter' this Organisation.

Organisation-objects can be used to link Users to specific Groups that have certain rights on the MyinTSets, of members 
of that Group, linked to that Organisation.
 
The hierarchy in the Organisation-tree defines the rights Users have over the MyinTs of other Users in their Organisation.

A Person connects one MyinTSet-object of his MyinT to one User-Organisation relation (UserOrganisationMyinTSetEdge). 
This way only a subset of the Persons MyinT will be available for other Users in this Organisation.